PowerShell Arrays Module - closes #179 (#283)
bob-crutchley/courseware: topics/powershell/modules/arrays/README.md

```powershell
$multiDimentionalArray = @((1,2,3),(1,2,3))
# same assignment but over multiple lines
$multiDimentionalArray = @(
    (1,2,3),
    (1,2,3)
)
```
## Access Array Elements
There wouldn't be much point storing data in arrays unless we can access them later, so that's what we'll be looking at here in this section.
### By Index
A very common way to access some data in an array is by its index.
Just like many other languages index start at `0`, so the first element in the list is at index `0`.
```powershell
# access the 1st element in an array
$myArray[0]
## access the 3rd element in an array
$myArray[2]
```
### Multiple Elements
A comma seperated list of indexes can be provided to access multiple elements in an array:
```powershell
$myArray = @(1,2,3)
# access the 1st and 3rd elements 
$myArray[0,2]
```
#### Ranges
Multiple elements can be accessed from an array as a range.
For example you can access elements 1 to 3 (0,1,2):
```powershell
$myArray = @(1,2,3)
$myArray[0..2]
```
A range and specific indexes can be access by adding `+`:
```powershell
$myArray = @(1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8)
# access the 1st and 3rd elements, also access elements at index 4 to 7
$myArray[0,2+4..7]
```

> ### Last Element

Reviewer: An better explanation required here - can this be expanded to include  $myArray[-5] for instance?
Either way it should be mentioned here.

Author: I've adding something that hopefully addresses this now.

}
Compress-Archive @compress
```
### CSV Table
There is a file called `scores.csv` which contains some results for test takers.
This section includes some heavy use of loops in PowerShell, don't worry if you don't quite understand these at this point, just know that we are using loops to traverse through the arrays, processing each element one at a time.

Start this section by creating a file in this module folder called `csv-scores-table.ps1`.
#### Read in the CSV File
The contents of the CSV can be obtained by using the `Get-Content` command:
```powershell
$contents = Get-Content scores.csv
```
#### Create a Multi Dimensional Array from the CSV
To create a multi dimensional array from the contents we can read the contents line by line and seperate them into columns and rows:
```powershell
$contents = Get-Content scores.csv
$rows = @()
ForEach ($line in $contents) {
    $columns = $line -split ","
    $rows += , $columns
}
```
Notice the way that `$columns` is being appended to `$rows`; a comma has been included to say explicity that we want to append the `columns` variable to `$rows` as an array:
```powershell
$rows += , $columns
```
#### Iterate the Multi Dimentional Array

> Now the information is sotred in a multi dimentional array, a loop can be used to iterate through it and print out the values in a basic format for a table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the information is sorted in a multi dimensional array, a loop can be used to iterate through it and print out the values in a basic format for a table:
```

> ```powershell

Reviewer: Get that bloody spell checker sorted - I dread to think of the spelling issues we will get over time!

$contents = Get-Content scores.csv
$rows = @()
ForEach ($line in $contents) {
    $columns = $line -split ","
    $rows += , $columns
}
For ($row=0;$row -lt $rows.Length;$row++) {
    "=============="
    $output = ""
    For ($column=0; $column -lt $rows[0].Length;$column++) {
        $output += "$($rows[$row][$column]) | "
    }
    $output
}
```
The ouput should look something like this:
```text
==============
Name | Score |
==============
Bob | 80% |
==============
Jay | 85% |
==============
John | 80% |
==============
Tadas | 85% |

> ```

Reviewer: ==============

> ```

Reviewer: Matt | 1000% |

> ```

Reviewer: I fixed it
